= AlfiesTeam

== Intro

This absurdly named application was built for two reasons. First, I play on a number of indoor soccer teams and we always seem to 
have problems with players remembering to show up for games or at least knowing who is coming and who isn't. Second, I needed a 
sample of code to place on GitHub to show what I am familiar with as I look for full time ruby on rails development work.

== Process

I originally built this application for the reasons above, but while I was at it I figured I'd learn a few things. I have built a 
few applications on Rails 2.x and used restful_authentication for all of them. I had also never attempting using TDD methods. So I 
decided to use Rails 3, Devise for authentication and build the whole thing with RSpec specs first. 

== Design

I'm not a designer. I know enough CSS to work with and around it. I'm fascinated with all the new HTML5 and CSS3 features and I 
used some with complete disregard to IE (it works, but its ugly). In my previous projects I bought complete design layouts rather 
than wasting hours on my own design that wouldn't look as good. Besides, those designs cost less than $20. In this application I 
decided to try a basic layout that I designed and wrote on my own. There are no images (though I'll probably add a favicon) and it 
leaves much to be desired but that wasn't the point here.

== Structure

Rails 3, hosted on Heroku. 

== Gems

* devise[https://github.com/plataformatec/devise]
* devise_invitable[https://github.com/scambra/devise_invitable]
* moonshado-sms[https://github.com/moonshado/moonshado-sms]
* rspec-rails[https://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails]
* factory_girl_rails[https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl_rails]
	
== TODO

* Figure out why .am domain is so fidgety
* Fix pending/non-passing tests
* Add FAQs
* Purge past games
* Finish README
* Make the rest of the app optimized for mobile devices (only login and games#show right now)
* Spend more that 5 minutes making IE look a little better (this probably won't happen - I hate IE)
* Add timezone settings for users